hey guys comic go know it's him do a
kick-ass 2 so let's see what's going on
this issue let's talk about the cover
first I really like the art little
gruesome because you know all the blood
and everything there's probably it's a
little bit more gruesome in the issue
but um really great concept because
kick-ass and hit-girl are finally back
together fighting the sick girl had been
taking a little break because Marcus who
has the ticket character says you know
you shouldn't be hit girl you should be
a normal girl try to live a normal life
you know your father died try to try to
be a normal person you know lay low from
the hero stuff anyhow as she listed she
says okay all right you know my could be
hit girl but then she sees that kick ass
is in trouble and she says I gotta go I
have to defeat these villains it's my
responsibility I have to go and one
thing I really liked about kick ass the
first first series was that I didn't
just like kick ass I really like old
supporting characters big daddy I read
miss uh hey girl you know all those
people made the story great in kick ass
and I felt like there's some missing
kick-ass 2 of course Big Daddy was
missing but uh I felt like something was
missing it was just that kick-ass was by
himself I think what makes it really
great series is that if all sport
characters in the kick-ass story makes
the story great so seeing a girl a
costume again and seeing her throughout
the whole entire series throughout the
whole entire issue was a really great I
mean too bad we don't get see Big Daddy
a more but least we could get to see hit
girl and we get to see kick-ass working
together because they really are great
team so and also I really liked it the
the cover it was kind of funny one
dollar less than many other comic books
so ya 2099 sent sometimes it's hard to
get by sometimes for comic books because
a lot of them are 3000 99 cents so one
now less so they had a dad I put that
there on the cover I thought that's cool
so let's get to the story see what's
going on them so in the story we gotta
kick girl try and save kick ass and
she's getting his her sword out shooting
every
villains and they go into the
supervillains HQ because they are
driving there and they find out that the
villains have a plan they have a big
plans and they want to pretty much
destroy the city and they have bombs
everywhere they want to destroy
everybody that's their plan and so
kick-ass and hit-girl said we have to
stop this and they kind of want police
people are the policemen and they don't
really believe it's like all these bombs
going off and you're saying it's over
here in this spot in the city why this
is your line knows we can't trust these
heroes but the heroes were right because
it was just a diversion and now there's
going to be a big fight in the middle of
the city with redness and kick-ass and
hit-girl and all the heroes against the
villains and that's what the big fights
got to be for the next issues next
issues going to be a showdown between
the mall and I am excited see what's
going to happen and who's going to win
my guess it'll be the heroes but you
never know so there's a a little preview
of the cover and I'm excited the next
issue you kick ass 2 has really been
getting a lot better towards the end
I've been liking the series throughout
but I think the story is really getting
great and you're like what's going to
happen next and the villains the the new
heroes the old heroes we know the old
villain we knew and just seeing them all
fight and to see who's going to win and
really all the story has been developing
and then you know um against his father
dying and I was a big thing to happen
kick-ass 2 just a lot of big things have
happened in this series and a lot of
great story and I can't wait to see what
happens in the end of it I don't know
what the last is you could guess who is
going to be I don't know if it's gonna
be next one I don't know but can't wait
to see how this cake has two ones and if
we're going to get kissed kick ass three
who knows um but definitely great a
great art I usually don't like John Woo
meat as juniors art but uh I like his
aunt for kick-ass he does a good style
for these characters and um you know
usually he's very gruesome that's what
kick ass is going to bring
me if you like um gruesome art and very
gruesome so that that really is what
kick ass is all about and you should
expect that in every issue so the art
was very good in action scenes and cover
just bringing these characters that this
artist definitely fit for these
characters I don't know about other
characters like I don't like it for
spider-man but for a kick-ass a girl
read miss definitely good art but um so
I thought this issue was very good and
like I said can't wait see what happens
x with kick ass and see what's gonna
happen next um I don't know I heard this
I made a kick-ass 2 movie I know it will
be the same this usually it's not as
much I'm excited for what's to come I
don't know what they're gonna relate it
to the movie but I'm excited for the
movie also hasn't obviously been filming
but and I'll be based on this and I
would like to see what changes they make
with that so this is comecou know I hope
you enjoyed I say this five star is
definitely perfect I didn't hate
anything in this they getting better and
better this series and I'm expecting to
it to be better in the next issue also I
don't know how I'll get better but I'm
expecting it to be great because i think
the showdown should be very well written
very well drawn we'll have to see you
next issue so again i give this 5 stars
they pick it up if you haven't been
reading kickass start reading it watched
a movie or be the first kick ass volume
um and start being kick-ass 2 because
you have to really read all the stories
but definitely try reading the story
because it very is very good even though
it's not your main superhero like
spider-man and Superman just uh it's
still a really great series and really
great characters even though they're a
little less popular than other heroes so
um five stars don't forget to pick this
up and don't forget to go my Twitter and
there will be a liquid and description
below um I'll just have comic book
reviews on topic videos i'll be doing
next comic book news other tweets and
don't forget
to follow my other channel also as a
Twitter and description below they'll be
there for that and it's the rent
situation so I hope you enjoyed this is
comic guna I get his five stars and pick
up kick ass see you guys